Yo so heres the initial idea. I'm apart of this volleyball social club thing where we have a weekly pickup at this local park. Hmmm where to even start with this. The group is called Kumquat and its organized through a discord server. People bring their own net and you like the post about the meet up to say if you're coming bringing anyone extra or bringing a net. The groups always been kinda weird like it doesnt know if its competative or casual. Its weirdly clicky anyway not really related to the thing I'm trying to build but it kinda informs the problem. So the problem is I want to play competative games and bring some order to things. So I'd like to build a simple react app that I'll have an ipad attached to my net running in browser. It will be able to track players and assign games so whatever players sign up can play round robin/organized ranked matches and track their record. Idk really if I want it to do tournaments but I for sure what it to allow people to record who they are what games theyve one so we can find data on whos best. Idk I feel like theres something there any thoughts? Also thinking about maybe making this just a tool in the discord server but I'm much more familiar with web apps than discord server stuff. Oh also for context this is grass volleyball usually played with 2-4 people on each side of the court. Not sure if I'd want it to be coed or gendered I guess I kinda need to put some feelers out and see what people think. Basically the goal is to have competative, managed games and I want the software to enable that better.